chore: Added Few more sections to contributing.md (#1885)
interledger/rafiki: .github/contributing.md

# Contributing to this repository <!-- omit in toc -->

## Getting started <!-- omit in toc -->
Thank you for contributing to Rafiki :tada: Your contributions are essential to making this project better.

Thank you for contributing to Rafiki :tada:
## Before you begin

Before you begin:
- Have you read the [code of conduct](code_of_conduct.md)?
- Check out the [existing issues](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/issues) & see if we [accept contributions](#types-of-contributions) for your type of issue.

### Table of Contents <!-- omit in toc -->
## Table of Contents <!-- omit in toc -->

- [Types of contributions](#types-of-contributions)
  - [:mega: Discussions](#mega-discussions)
  - [:beetle: Issues](#beetle-issues)
  - [:hammer_and_wrench: Pull requests](#hammer_and_wrench-pull-requests)
- [Working in the rafiki repository](#working-in-the-rafiki-repository)

>   - [Workspaces](#workspaces)

Author: This looks like a redundant item so removed it.

    - [CI](#ci)
  - [Reporting Issues](#reporting-issues)
  - [Submitting Pull Requests](#submitting-pull-requests)
  - [Review Process](#review-process)

## Types of contributions

You can contribute to Rafiki in several ways.

### :mega: Discussions

Discussions are where we have conversations about Rafiki.

If you would like to discuss topics about the broader ecosystem, have a new idea, or want to show off your work - join us in [discussions](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/discussions).

### :beetle: Issues

We use GitHub issues to track tasks that contributors can help with. We haven't finalized labels yet for contributors to tackle. If you want to help with work related to an issue, please comment on the issue before starting work on it.

If you've found something that needs fixing, search open issues to see if someone else has reported the same thing. If it's something new, open an issue. We'll use the issue to discuss the problem you want to fix.

### :hammer_and_wrench: Pull requests

Feel free to fork and create a pull request on changes you think you can contribute.

The team will review your pull request as soon as possible.

### :books: Documentation

> We started to maintain public-facing documentation for Rafiki on [rafiki.dev](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki.dev). The project is new, and available documentation there is scarce. We'd love help to fill that out. A list of issues being tracked across the Interledger ecosystem (including rafiki) is maintained in the [Documentation project](https://github.com/orgs/interledger/projects/5/views/1).

Reviewer: That's not where documentation lives now. We've moved that inside the rafiki repository: https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/tree/main/packages/documentation

Author: Done.

> We started to maintain public-facing documentation for Rafiki on [rafiki.dev](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki.dev). The project is new, and available documentation there is scarce. We'd love help to fill that out. A list of issues being tracked across the Interledger ecosystem (including rafiki) is maintained in the [Documentation project](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/tree/main/packages/documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We started to maintain public-facing documentation for Rafiki on [rafiki.dev](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/tree/main/packages/documentation). The project is new, and available documentation there is scarce. We'd love help to fill that out. A list of issues being tracked across the Interledger ecosystem (including rafiki) is maintained in the [Documentation project](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/tree/main/packages/documentation).
```

> We started to maintain public-facing documentation for Rafiki on [rafiki.dev](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/tree/main/packages/documentation). The project is new, and available documentation there is scarce. We'd love help to fill that out. A list of issues being tracked across the Interledger ecosystem (including rafiki) is maintained in the [Documentation project](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/tree/main/packages/documentation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We started to maintain public-facing documentation for Rafiki on [rafiki.dev](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/tree/main/packages/documentation). The project is new, and available documentation there is scarce. We'd love help to fill that out. A [list of issues](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Adocumentation) is available.
```

We use GitHub actions to manage our CI pipeline.

The workflows can be found in `.github/workflows`

## Reporting Issues

If you encounter any issues or have a feature request, please [create a new issue](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki/issues/new/choose) and provide the following details:

- A clear and descriptive title.
- A detailed description of the issue, including steps to reproduce if applicable.
- Information about your environment (e.g., operating system, browser, version).
- Any relevant screenshots or error messages.

## Submitting Pull Requests

1. [Fork](https://github.com/interledger/rafiki) the repository.
2. Create a new branch from `main`.
3. Make your changes and commit them.
4. Create a pull request (PR) to `main`.

> 5. Ensure your PR includes a clear title and description.

Reviewer: we need to add a line here that talks about our PR title requirements for conventional commits: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/

Author: Added.
